the Mail's begin to taste the air to
pick up the scent of any female who
might be ready to mate before a fight
competing males walk in parallel
assessing one another pumped up with
testosterone they pour the ground to
show off their strength they spray the
earth with their urine and then roll in
it so that they weak of their own
hormones
these ritual displays can put off rival
males without having to resort to a
potentially dangerous fight but it
doesn't always work
even then most fights are resolved in a
matter of seconds a few however escalate
into full-scale battle
weighing almost a ton they use power and
speed to try and push each other off
their feet this male is lucky to escape
a fatal stabbing for the winner the
prize is a whole harem of females but
sometimes the way to win is not to fight
for females but to fight for something
the females want
on the other side of the world and
idyllic English Riverside is the setting
for one such story
here there is a creature that flirts
with suicide to woo his paramour with
the perfect gift
the delicate banded Demoiselle knows
that what every girl wants is fast
flowing water rich in life-giving oxygen
as the best place to lay her eggs each
male in his shining metallic armor is
prepared to fight for the best patch in
a graceful aerial competition
the victor has won a patch where the
river riffles round a fallen branch
faster running water that is just what
the ladies are looking for